Privacy Policy



This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.



We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.







Definitions

Service



Service is the «Займы на карту 24/7» mobile application operated by «Kitty Kate»



Personal Data



Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).



Usage Data



Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).



Cookies



Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).



Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.



Types of Data Collected

Personal Data



While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:



Email address



First name and last name



Phone number



Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City



Cookies and Usage Data



Usage Data



When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").



Tracking Cookies Data



We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.



Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.



You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.



Examples of Cookies we use:



Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.



Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.



Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.



Use of Data

«Займы на карту 24/7» uses the collected data for various purposes:



To provide and maintain our Service



To notify you about changes to our Service



To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so



To provide customer support



To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service



To monitor the usage of our Service



To detect, prevent and address technical issues



Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. Personal data is not collected in application and used only on the side of financial organizations presented in application.



Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.



«Займы на карту 24/7» will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.



Disclosure of Data

Legal Requirements

«Займы на карту 24/7» may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:



To comply with a legal obligation



To protect and defend the rights or property of «Займы на карту 24/7»



To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service



To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public



To protect against legal liability



Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.



Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.



Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.



Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.



You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en



We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.



For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en



Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.



Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.



Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.







To approve a loan, you must agree the following conditions:



The minimum loan maturity is 61 days;



The maximum loan maturity is 93 days;



The maximum annual interest rate, including the loan interest, as well as all other commissions and expenses for the year (Annual Percentage Rate APR) is 35.9%, and the minimum is 35.9%. Annual interest for using the Credit - min 35.9%, max 35.9%;



The minimum rate for using a loan per day is 0.01%;



The maximum rate for using a loan per day is 0.01%;



Penalty for delay: 0.1% of the amount of delay per day, but not more than 10% of the loan amount;



Other commissions / fees: none.



An example of calculating the interest rate



Representative example of the total cost of the loan:



The amount of the loan body is $ 10,000.



Loan term - 90 days.



Loan commission: 0.01% per day, that is, $ 10 per day, or 3% per month (averaged over 30 days), i.e. $ 300 per month (averaged over 30 days).



The total commission for 90 days will be $ 900.



The total amount to be returned, taking into account the loan amount: $ 10900.



FLC - the full cost of the loan (FLC - Full Loan Cost) in percentage is 35.9% per annum.



Consequences of delayed loan repayment:



In case of violation of the terms of online loan repayment, the amount of the forfeit may be 0.1% of the total amount of delay per day, but not more than 10% of the total loan amount.



Requirements for borrowers:



age from 18 to 65 years old;



passport, ID.



Loan term 62 - 365 days



Loan repayment period: from 62 to 1826 days (including prolongation)



Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via the contact form on the app page on Google Play


